Thank you for stopping by for your skin care needs. You have come to the right
place because if you are like me, you believe in the use of eco- friendly,
sustainable products.
A note about the creator of Naamani Artisan Cosmetics and the products for this
skin care line.
---
My name is Doris. I was born and raised in Ghana, West Africa and migrated to
Canada in 1992. Where I grew up, almost every house had a garden in our
backyard. Being so close to a variety of plants and nature, we were accustomed to
picking up an avocado from a tree or opening a cocoa pod to enjoy the delicious
taste of the cocoa pulp right from the source. In much the same way, our
personal care routines were just as simple. We were able to maintain our natural
beauty with the use of raw, organically sourced African Black Soap, Shea Butter
and Cocoa Butter due to their abundance and easy accessibility. These simple skin
care routines continue to promote healthy, glowing skin while sustaining our
natural resources.

---
I believe that our body is a sacred gift from nature. The human skin is the largest
organ of our body and I think that if we nourish our skin with the powerful
ingredients from plant sources, not only do we maintain our natural beauty; we in
turn preserve the earth for our future generations.

With this vision, comes the creation of Naamani Artisan Cosmetics, focusing on
the use of raw materials and ethically sourced essential oils derived from organic
sources.
We strive to purchase all our raw materials from reputable Canadian Companies
who also believe in sourcing their products directly from the local communities
that produce these raw materials. Doing so ensures a strong and healthy
Canadian economy for small businesses; supports the local communities from
which we receive these raw and organic materials while enabling us to use natural
resources in a responsible manner.

Our goal is to create natural products for skin care with love and passion, focusing
on making small batches at a time to ensure your full satisfaction with every
product you receive. Our product line includes:
 Revitalizing Foaming Cleansers
 Rejuvenating Face Oil
 Nourishing Face Cream for dry, combination and oily skin types
 Calming Eye Cream
 Moisturizing Body Butters with a variety of natural fragrance oils and
essential oils to appeal to your senses
 Refreshing Lip Balms
The full list of our ingredients for every product is included in our label. As a
maker of personal care products, we take responsibility in ensuring that your
safety is our priority. We have therefore included information on the key
ingredients we use to formulate our cosmetics.
Below, you will find information about the raw materials we use and some of
their benefits.